Update Icons content (#969)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/foundations/icons/partials/design-guidelines.md

## Icon types

> There are 4 types of icons: Outlined, Filled, Off, and Contained.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if I'd consider "Off" an icon type, but not a blocker, we can discuss later

  For example, in the favoriting example above, if you wanted to "unfavorite" an object you could swap the "filled" variant for "off" on hover to show what the state will become on click.

  ![](/assets/foundations/flight-icons/icon-best-practices-off.png)

### Contained

Glyph with containing shape, e.g. square, circle, diamond, etc.

- For emphasis.

![](/assets/foundations/flight-icons/icon-types-contained.png)

- Use the Contained style icons for emphasis in hierarchy.

  For example, in a list of objects, an object might have multiple states. A "contained" icon could be used for the overall state, and additional metadata that has state could use the "outlined" variants.

  ![](/assets/foundations/flight-icons/icon-best-practices-contained.png)

## Icon sizes

Flight icons are optimized for two icon sizes: 16px and 24px.

### Optimized sizes

![](/assets/foundations/flight-icons/icon-sizes.png)

### Best practices

- Display icons at either 16px or 24px.
- Use 16px icons by default in product interfaces.
- Consider using 24px icons in product interfaces for empty states.
- Take care if choosing to display icons at sizes other than 16px and 24px.

>   There may be cases where 16px and 24px values don't fit a design - Icons can be resized in these cases but be aware that the design is not optimized for values other than these.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  There may be cases where 16px and 24px values don’t fit a design - Icons can be resized in these cases but be aware that the design is not optimized for values other than these.
```

### Updating existing interfaces

- Where the current icon size is less than or equal to 20px, replace icons with 16px versions.
- If the size of the icon to be replaced is at least 21px, first try to replace it with a 24px version.

  If 24px seems too large, consider dropping down to 16px and reworking the interface for a better fit.

---

## States

Icons frequently get used to represent different states within product interfaces. Most commonly as states of an object or states of feedback.

### States of an object

> An object in our interfaces is any object in our API that can return with a state, such as a Build, a Deployment, a Run, a Job, a Cluster or a Network. Objects are typically displayed in lists or as cards and include their state when presented to the user.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An object in our interfaces is any object in our API that can return with a state, such as a Build, a Deployment, a Run, a Job, a Cluster, or a Network. Objects are typically displayed in lists or as cards and include their state when presented to the user.
```
